Docs updates for Cloud - Jan 22 (#29558)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cloud/index.md

# Sourcegraph Cloud

## Sourcegraph Cloud for Individuals
Sourcegraph Cloud allows individuals to search their personal code as well as more than 2 million open source respositories for free. Sign up today for free on [Sourcegraph.com](https://sourcegraph.com/sign-up).
- [Getting Started on Sourcegraph Cloud](getting_started_on_cloud.md)
- [Differences between Sourcegraph Cloud, self-hosted, and enterprise](cloud_ent_on-prem_comparison.md)
- [Indexing open source code in Sourcegraph Cloud](indexing_open_source_code.md)
- [Notifications on Sourcegraph Cloud](notifications_on_cloud.md)
- [Access tokens on Sourcegraph Cloud](access_tokens_on_cloud.md)

## Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams

> Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams allows small teams to experience the best of Sourcegraph, without self-hosting. Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams is in Private Beta. Learn more [here](https://about.sourcegraph.com/cloud-beta/) and [join our waitlist](https://share.hsforms.com/14OQ3RoPpQTOXvZlUpgx6-A1n7ku) to get access today!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams helps small teams to search across their code together and increase developer velocity through the easiest way to deploy Sourcegraph. Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams is in Private Beta. Learn more [here](https://about.sourcegraph.com/cloud-beta/) and [join our waitlist](https://share.hsforms.com/14OQ3RoPpQTOXvZlUpgx6-A1n7ku) to get access today!
```

A few subtle tweaks proposed here: "without self-hosting" implies there's a comparison between cloud and self-hosting taking place in this moment in time. As we don't mention self-hosting elsewhere on this page, I don't think we need to be quite so explicit about the alternative (because if we are, then it may work against us by creating a moment of "wait, what's self-hosted then?"). As well, "experience the best of Sourcegraph" makes it more about "using Sourcegraph" than "doing what you want to do with Sourcegraph."

I don't actually like the proposed change exactly, and think it needs another iteration or two, but it conveys what I mean.
